His temperature has dropped
Just wait until this bottle of medicine is finished
Thank you. Thank you.
That's how you take care of your children
I've never seen you parents so irresponsible
I thank you for sending my brother back
But you have no right to accuse me of being irresponsible.
I am his mother
I must care more about him than you
If you really care
He won't be alone in the cold
Appeared at my door
If you can't take care of the children
Don't give birth to him
Zhou Huaijin
It's not your turn to teach me how to take care of children
Are you free?
If you have time
Just like doing business with Miss Su
Don't keep staring at our little flute.
I am good
Miss Su, this is your personal appraisal result.
He is indeed a pregnant child
No way.
I have to make this engagement real